the Godfather Part two winner of six
Academy Awards including Best Picture of
the year
best supporting actor Robert De Niro
best director Francis Ford Coppola Best
Original dramatic score Nino Rota and
carmine Coppola best screenplay adapted
from another medium Francis Ford Coppola
and Mario Puzo best art direction and
set decoration art direction Dean T
Volaris and Angelo Graham set decoration
George are Nelson
the Godfather Part two
[Music]
the history of two generations of crime
of absolute power and the men who
violated
the Godfather Part two watches
don vito corleone a and his son michael
both had seen the ones they loved most
cut down before their eyes both had
killed as an act of vengeance
[Music]
both commanded the most powerful and
merciless crime organization in the
world is it true that in the year 1950
you devised the murder of the heads of
the so called five families in New York
just a complete fossil
[Music]
they would take any measures when you've
won you want to wipe everybody out I
don't feel I have to wipe everybody out
just my enemies make arrangement Michael
went bigger than us steel order any
death to protect the Empire they
controlled the Godfather and his heir
men of ice and both work targets
[Music]
please please stay inside keep them
alive we'll try
the Godfather Part 2 is Sicily in 1921
and Nevada in 1958
in his revolution in Havana
[Music]
robots in New York
it is manipulation it would be like
trying to kill the president there's no
way we can get to it
if anything in this life is certainly if
history's taught us anything says you
can kill anything it is murder and it is
betrayal
[Music]
[Applause]
is the final chapter in the violent
history of the Colleoni crime family
[Applause]
[Music]
it is the motion picture masterpiece of
the year
you